#diary
Hi guys, today the our university system is suck, I don't know how a reputed university has a bad system like that, why don't they develop a better one. May be it will cost more or for some reasons but tomorrow I have to register my course again.

My friend, NVH, want to change his class to study with me, but I know that is not the real reason, you know, he likes a girl in my class and just want to meet her everyday. And, I think he's a bit shy when meet her in person, I think he will have to struggle more to befriend with her.

Few days recently, after having my Calculus result, I think I'm becoming a "little" lazier, maybe disappointment can be a good catalyst to make me try harder. I received my "*reward*" last night, may be tonight I have to sleep early.

In my Tet vacation, I know that I can change my schedule routine a little bit to make me feel more motivating in learning, I think the key is that I must have a good mood and my body have to be healthy, this really a problem cause in my high school period I have never care about my body and my health, maybe because I'm still young and naive but I think when I'm growing, my body will be degraded soon. 

Should I delete Facebook? Recently, based on my weekly usage report of my phone, almost my time spent on Facebook and some other online platforms, I think I have been phone addicted since 8th grade. Maybe, this is the time I have to think about my future project, about "*How can I change this nation?*", I have thought about this for a long time, since I have awareness about this world. If I want to launch my project, I have to prepare skills for that day, maybe in next notes I will note my ideas about this.

Oh I think I will set an alarm to remind myself about course registration tomorrow, wait a second. Damn I have my university's registration system.

I'm watching AOT recently and I started to think how the writer can draw ideas and the plot so detail and enticing like that. And I have a rush to imagine about my own novel or something else, maybe in future when I have more free time, I will try to write my own novel, it sounds quite strange for a developer like me but I will see it as my hobby like this, writing diary.

Omg how this note is so long, may be my laziness is controlling myself to write more and be procrastinated to do something else.

Okay this note will end here.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



