#diary
Hello me, I don't think I've stopped this thing for a week, I'm a little bit lazy, honestly sorry for that.

In the previous week, I mainly watched films or shows, omg I think I'm being useless haha.

But in this week, I have to come back to prepare for the next semester. I have the last subject result today, I think it's quite good but I have to try harder to get scholarship.

Btw, I think I should start writing my own novel soon, I think I won't have time when the semester starts.

Do you think that today my note is a bit short, haha I think my psycho has been more stable and I'm calm down right now. I can make decision about my life.

And one important thing I have to notice is that I have to look for a way to practice writing and speaking soon. Damn am I losing direction?

For my oncoming novel, I'm thinking about the main character, maybe he or she, I'm thinking about a boy with a superpower or a man with unstable mentality or a guy losing direction in his life. The plot has to be about the world surrounding the character and his emotion and ability will be grown during the plot. I'm wondering whether I will write in first-person or third-person, the former will be great to express fully the character's feelings and psychological instability. Hmm, but I have to do my best on world-building, a good one will have a great impression on readers.
Should I add more sci-fi factors or just using ordinary life factors? Now I see it as a big problem, may be I will need a lot of time.

